Selenium 3rd party doc (#192)
robocorp/robocorp: docs/3rd_party/selenium/README.md

# Selenium

> Selenium is a browser automation tool with a long background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selenium is a browser automation tool with a long history being a well tested and go to solution.
```

> It can be used to automate also legacy browser such as Internet Explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can also be used to automate legacy browsers such as Internet Explorer.
```
